PMM-5768 zero sphinx warnings (#201)
percona/pmm-doc: source/release-notes/2.0.0.rst

:Date: September 19, 2019

*PMM* (`Percona Monitoring and Management <https://www.percona.com/doc/2.x/percona-monitoring-and-management/index.html>`_) is a free and open-source platform for managing and monitoring MySQL, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL performance. You can run *PMM* in your own environment for maximum security and reliability. It provides thorough time-based analysis for |MySQL|, |MongoDB|, and |postgresql| servers to ensure that your data works as efficiently as possible.

> For install instructions, see `Installing Percona Monitoring and Management <https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-monitoring-and-management/2.x/install/index-server.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For install instructions, see :ref:`Installing Percona Monitoring and Management<pmm.deploying.server>`.
```
